for those displaced by the bombing
campaign conditions are extremely harsh
this was the scene at a distribution
center in Rafa where a charity was
giving out food to hundreds of people
hundreds of thousands of displaced
people have converged on the southern
city which has little capacity to supply
them with the food water and medicine
they need nearly 85% of the population
have been forced from their homes aer's
Han Mahmud has more from a soup kitchen
Center in
Rafa in a new normal defined by
destruction and displacement and the
daily hardship of searching for food and
trying to stay dry behind me a simmering
pot of lentil soup tells a story of
compassion and strengths between those
Volunteers in this soup kitchen and the
many hundreds displaced hungry and
traumatized
Palestinian we queue in line at 8:00
a.m. to get this bowl of soup it's a
breakfast lunch and dinner our life is
Harsh these days no food no water and no
money nothing is left life is harder
than you would ever
imagine we prepare 10 large pots of
lentil every day each pot can feed up to
a 100 families of 7 to8 members people
come from evacuation centers evacuation
zones and other residential buildings
they have been displaced to to receive
their daily meal of what we cook
displaced families depend largely on
this meal because there's no source of
income whatsoever other than this free
meal they get
here in this soup kitchen these
volunteers are cooking the only few bags
of lenel left in the market for the
displac hungry thirsty but more
profoundly traumatized Palestinians by
this ongoing War hanim Mahmud ra City AL
jaaz